#summary Requirements and instructions for installating REAssistant.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Setup =

REAssistant is composed of several Eclipse plugins. These plugins have been implemented using the latest version of Eclipse, and for this reason, a few steps are necessary to setup the REAssistant environment.

== First Step ==

Download a clean version of Eclipse 3.7 SR2, and install the following "dependant" plugins. To do that, in Eclipse, click Help > Install New Software. Then, add the following _Update Sites_ and install them.

  * WindowBuilder Pro - http://dl.google.com/eclipse/inst/d2wbpro/latest/3.7
  * EMF Query2 - https://hudson.eclipse.org/hudson/job/tycho-query2-nightly/lastSuccessfulBuild/artifact/targetPlatform/
  * UIMA - http://www.apache.org/dist/uima/eclipse-update-site/

== Second Step ==

Copy *REAssistant plugin* jars (downloaded from the *Downloads* page) to the _plugins_ folder of Eclipse.

== Third Step ==

Download the _REAssistant models_. One part of the models are available in the SVN, and the other is available separately (due to its size) from the following link in dropbox: *_[https://www.dropbox.com/s/2dst5ahz3tqkqjc/REAssistant-models.zip REAssistant-models.zip]_*. Uncompress the zip into a folder, merge the contents with the SVN models and modify the *_eclipse.ini_* file adding the following environment variable:

  * MODELS_PATH=C:/Your/Path/REAssistant-models/ at _eclipse.ini_

This way, we link the variable to the models folder.

That's all!, you can now execute and use REAssistant in your computer.